The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, I think some guys can at certain stages, right?
Like there's moments in fights,
where don't you feel like you're in a zone sometimes and it just everything's
flowing.
Saturday night. Saturday night. Yeah. I felt good. All backstage. Cause um,
leading up to the fight, everyone was at run restaurant rest.
So I was kind of waiting for some feeling to say, where's run Russ. Right.
But I felt great backstage and a preferred far in wood with no crowd.
Did you really, can you get, you get to the, to the apex and it's like,
you get there, you wrap your hand in, warm up, you fight.
He's not hanging around for five hours backstage and just, it's like a gym.
Right. You get there, you're warmed and just go compete. So I,
I preferred it for sure.
I prefer it because of the there's no noise, no distractions, no nothing.
And he can hear your coaches clearly instructions clearly. And yeah, I I'm,
I'm a very good listener to my coaches. So I want to say I prefer it,
but it was, I, it was good. I enjoyed it.
I have been in a very interesting position over the last few years where you are
one of the top UFC Welter welterweights but just
be big because of bad fortune.
Just things just haven't totally lined up correctly.
Fights are falling apart, injuries and sicknesses and a bunch of went down and
you're until Saturday night, you,
you had been kind of ignored by a lot of fans.
Like a lot of people don't understand what the level you're at.
They don't understand.
I think they saw it for the brief moment that you fought Saturday night,
but then unfortunately there's the injury, you know,
Bella has the accidental IPOs and it's another,
you know, another unfortunate situation.
But at least during that first round, the first round,
they got to see your skill level.
And I'll just get warmed up. As I got over the last year and half,
I've learned so much that I wanted to show him to have that the incident happen
is one in a million, right. When you, when you prepare on the camp, be like,
I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. And then when that happened,
I was like, okay, take five minutes late, late, late, late,
play out a little bit. And then hopefully he can fight again.
But he just is always that bad day.
Yeah. And there was, it was not quite, it wasn't a potent. I want to poke.
It was like a knuckle.
The picture is like, you'll, you'll kick it. Right.
So when you're kicking you don't hold you the old, your fist and kick like this.
Right.
You kind of use it to momentum to syncing your arm back and others doing it.
It kind of just like grazed. His eyes were not grazing, kind of went deep,
but it grazed his eyes a bit. And then what.
Was it like the front knuckles?
He looked like it from the picture, the towel. I didn't feel it.
I thought it was the, the,
the kid got him in his body and then he felt down and start, you know,
the one start grabbing his eyes. And I was like, oh, I got a God.
I call him in his eye. You know, I fought you just literally the kid,
I call him because I did this. And then.
I think Dana put a photo on his Instagram. Jamie.
I think it wasn't knuckle. You weren't, you weren't into this for sure.
It's so unfortunate, man. But I mean, for you,
what I was getting at was that it has to be so frustrating here you are another
ad blocker here, here you are.
You have this long layoff and fights keep getting canceled.
And then you finally get a fight you're performing really well.
And then this happens is that.
The bad luck, right? The last year, the last year or so, just one after another,
after the Woodley fight, I'm going the fight Woodley in, um, in London,
in March. And, um, how'd that canceled the week before on the Sunday,
before the fight. And then from there just bad luck, bad luck,
bad luck trickling down. So.
So yeah, it's like the bottom of your fingers.
So it's not like it's straightforward. It's like, it's just getting in there.
That's terrible. And it wasn't the eyeball, right?
It's like the under the eyelid. Yeah. You know,
cause so I felt a bit out, um,
Sunday in a casino in Vegas and his eyes was fine. Just the it's the lid.
Um, that was bruised, but book.
Yeah.
He said the vision started returning the next day and now he said there's no
permanent damage. So he's going to be okay. He had his lid stitched up. I wish.
Him well. So.
Yeah, he's a great guy. And uh, uh, it was a great opponent for you too,
because he's so relentless. He's, you know, he's constantly moving forward.
He's a tough guy, durable.
Urban, and where to call them with a head kick in the first round.
And I got a rush rush, my work a little bit.
I kind of went wild and started swinging smoking before him.
But I should have picked my shots a little bit bad, but he's tough.
He's durable, but he doesn't beat me in a, in a given day. You know, I,
I believe it will fight 10 times. I'll beat him 10 times and that's just,
it is, it was a late stepping for hams that fell out and
I think he should go back, work his way back up,
and then hopefully we can meet somewhere down the line.
But for now I'm looking towards the tower shot. I'm looking towards, you know,
world champion.
You think that, uh,
the title shot is warranted just because your previous work and just because of
the great first round that you had. But I mean,
do you feel like there's any unfinished business because of the way that fight
ended?
Yeah. With Balaam, I don't believe so.
I think from the first round, I'm normally I'm a slow starter, right?
So if that's my, if that's my first round, you're not making it to the,
to the fifth, you know? So, um,
I think everyone saw where the fight was going and it wouldn't have made it to
petition to number five. So w.
I understand your confidence. I really do.
And this is not to demean that at all, but you gotta,
you gotta give the guy an opportunity, right? Like, you know what I'm saying?
Like, if here's my point, if the fight went the first round,
if the eye poke didn't happen and the referee just stopped the fighter,
but they're like, what are you doing? Well, you know where this flight's going?
Well, you don't know fights going. Cause fights are crazy. Like weird happens.
People slip guy gets him in a choke, like weird stuff happens. You know,
people get injured, you know, someone throws a calf kick.
All of a sudden your leg goes numb. You get hit with a punch. Weird happens.
You fight.
That's crazy. But, um, you know what I'm saying? No, I know.
I know you're saying, but I would have hoped out. I wonder if I clearly, Joe,
normally I normally am. I'm a slow starter in the first drive. Right.
So I would have felt great Saturday night and even a month.
And I felt good, but I wasn't not beating me. I ain't nothing. Come on.
Really appreciate your confidence.
But as a fan of you and as a fan of [inaudible]
, I don't think it would be a bad thing to run back.
Straight away. And I'm looking to it. That's my nine, nine fight right.
In a row. Um, I wonder if I win streak fought, but, um,
I would've won the fight. That'd be nine fight. Um, without, without loss,
from getting beat by Lisbon five, six years ago.
So I'll feel I've done enough work now to prove that, uh,
I belong at least in normal contender fight or title fight, you know? So I can.
Totally appreciate your position, but I can also.
Appreciate Veloce because I know where it's coming from.
I would say if I was him, I'd probably do the same thing. Right.
It's ranking number of about 15, 14.
And you had this big opportunities first main event, um,
number three guy in the world. So I know where he's approaching it from,
but I am looking, looking for my own career. Right.
I wanna look towards the tower shot. I understand. Hopefully.
We'll get it. Yeah.
You've had all these weird situations where things fell apart. It's uh,
it's very unfortunate enough. Did you feel like the Hamza fight was strange too?
Because like, here's this guy who was only had a few fights in the UFC,
he's got a lot of hype behind him.
Cause he's at like the mere shart fight was a great result. He looked fantastic.
But then all of a sudden he's fighting you.
Like, it was weird. Right? Cause we boom,
two weeks before that Dana white came out on the news and I had never been a
fight lay on or no one in top five. And then next week is like, yeah,
you want to fight him? I was like, you just said, oh,
I'm too high ranked for him. But where do you think that came from?
I don't know if everyone was turning him down, you know? And um,
no one ever turned me down as well. So this is okay. You want to fight him?
I was okay. Let what, what about Kobe is that COVID said no.
What about Mycetoma? They'll say no. What about wonder boy?
When the boy is injured, that's okay. He's got the most hype in a division. Now.
I'm not a kid like piggyback off to get to a T tall shot. Right?
And this was a kid, Daniel White build him up. Cause this,
this kid that called the beat in is tough. And so I was okay. I got there. I'll,
I'll fight him. And we wouldn't have beaten, I'll fight for the hotel. And that,
that was my plan. Right? Two years, um,
his hype they're building around him to get me to autoshop I'm always looking
towards the tower shot rise way. I can get there easier. Um,
I was in your hands out to, to get there.
New episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Gerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.